c:\users\madapdhu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\obj\Debug\NUnit.Tests1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\madapdhu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\madapdhu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\madapdhu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\madapdhu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\madapdhu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\madapdhu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\madapdhu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\madapdhu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\madapdhu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\madapdhu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\madapdhu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\madapdhu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\madapdhu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\madapdhu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\NUnit.Tests1.dll
c:\users\madapdhu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\NUnit.Tests1.pdb
c:\users\madapdhu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\EmployeeDetailsWebApp.dll
c:\users\madapdhu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\NSubstitute.dll
c:\users\madapdhu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\users\madapdhu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\nunit.mocks.dll
c:\users\madapdhu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\Rhino.Mocks.dll
c:\users\madapdhu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\EmployeeDetailsWebApp.pdb
c:\users\madapdhu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\NSubstitute.xml
c:\users\madapdhu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
c:\users\madapdhu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\Rhino.Mocks.xml
c:\users\madapdhu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\obj\Debug\NUnit.Tests1.dll
c:\users\madapdhu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\obj\Debug\NUnit.Tests1.pdb
C:\TietoGitHub\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\obj\Debug\NUnit.Tests1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\TietoGitHub\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\obj\Debug\NUnit.Tests1.dll
C:\TietoGitHub\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\obj\Debug\NUnit.Tests1.pdb
C:\TietoGitHub\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\TietoGitHub\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\TietoGitHub\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\TietoGitHub\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\TietoGitHub\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\TietoGitHub\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\TietoGitHub\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\TietoGitHub\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\TietoGitHub\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\TietoGitHub\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\TietoGitHub\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\TietoGitHub\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\TietoGitHub\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\TietoGitHub\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\NUnit.Tests1.dll
C:\TietoGitHub\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\NUnit.Tests1.pdb
C:\TietoGitHub\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\EmployeeDetailsWebApp.dll
C:\TietoGitHub\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\NSubstitute.dll
C:\TietoGitHub\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
C:\TietoGitHub\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\nunit.mocks.dll
C:\TietoGitHub\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\Rhino.Mocks.dll
C:\TietoGitHub\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\TietoGitHub\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\TietoGitHub\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\TietoGitHub\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\Dapper.dll
C:\TietoGitHub\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\TietoGitHub\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\EmployeeDetailsWebApp.pdb
C:\TietoGitHub\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\NSubstitute.xml
C:\TietoGitHub\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
C:\TietoGitHub\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\Rhino.Mocks.xml
C:\TietoGitHub\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\TietoGitHub\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\TietoGitHub\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\TietoGitHub\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\Dapper.xml
C:\TietoGitHub\EmployeeDetailsWebApp\NUnit.Tests1\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
